docs: next/head: Document error cases with head/body-tags; add subheadings (#56412)
vercel/next.js: docs/03-pages/02-api-reference/01-components/head.mdx

> The contents of `head` get cleared upon unmounting the component, so make sure each page completely defines what it needs in `head`, without making assumptions about what other pages added.

## Use minimal nesting

`title`, `meta` or any other elements (e.g. `script`) need to be contained as **direct** children of the `Head` element,
or wrapped into maximum one level of `<React.Fragment>` or arrays—otherwise the tags won't be correctly picked up on client-side navigations.

## Use `next/script` for scripts

> We recommend using [next/script](/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/scripts) in your component instead of manually creating a `<script>` in `next/head`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using [`next/script`](/docs/pages/building-your-application/optimizing/scripts) in your component instead of manually creating a `<script>` in `next/head`.
```

## No `html` or `body` tags

> You **cannot** use `<Head>` to set attributes on `<html>` or `<body>` tags. Doing so will result in an `next-head-count is missing` error. next/head can only handle tags inside the HTML `<head>` tag.

Reviewer: What is this error and where can they learn more?

> You **cannot** use `<Head>` to set attributes on `<html>` or `<body>` tags. Doing so will result in an `next-head-count is missing` error. next/head can only handle tags inside the HTML `<head>` tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You **cannot** use `<Head>` to set attributes on `<html>` or `<body>` tags. Doing so will result in an `next-head-count is missing` error. `next/head` can only handle tags inside the HTML `<head>` tag. [Learn more](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/components/head).
```

> You **cannot** use `<Head>` to set attributes on `<html>` or `<body>` tags. Doing so will result in an `next-head-count is missing` error. `next/head` can only handle tags inside the HTML `<head>` tag. [Learn more](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/components/head).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You **cannot** use `<Head>` to set attributes on `<html>` or `<body>` tags. This will result in an `next-head-count is missing` error. `next/head` can only handle tags inside the HTML `<head>` tag.
```
